Support for another round comes from a space start building your own Web site today a square space that
come into Africa another round of take out to get ten percent
off. Squarespace you
should it is hot toddies season and I am
buying whatever's
on.
Hi everyone I'm haven't. I'm trying to be. And welcome to another wrong with having
an overall goal.
I can use the guys or the US to like do what I devoted I
don't want to
cross
the you anyways
because I have a high chair for
you I'm mystified that I hear it
is that all beaks Ligeti I'm so excited for today show saying why
are you excited. First of all we have what happened one
childhood EDITION. That's all story
baby then I'm
excited and then we're going to talk to the Internet dude. And you know
that he's a long time friend of the show for some other number so excited.
He's also a co-founder of maker base a New York City startup always all up in the tech scene but one of the things I
really love that he did recently was he only retreated with him for years.
God bless us. I mean that's a great way to instantly improve your social media life instantly
my son learned to talk
to
sell before we get on with the bulk of the show we get a lot of tweets asking us to respond
to Michael Moore's new song White Privilege
to.
Just kind of farm. I was with the was there laughter and I
don't know
I don't remember seeing it like white privilege to all
of this time. It's a
reality and say a people want to know
what we think I think it is awesome that white folks are
talking to the white folks because yeah we live in the SO should maybe listen to Michael
Moore but don't think a lot about it because it's not for me. Yeah you gotta
teach me shit about white privilege. I get it I know we've been
teaching you know we don't live Goldman Sachs too.
I'm all for white people who get it educating the white people who know that your
job shouldn't be
mine but when it comes to ally ship I always wonder
are there often instances of wondering whether or not this
person is like extending themselves for the betterment of like the human race or
if they're looking for cookies from black people you know I
mean it's probably both honestly and and the lot of people who work in media obviously a lot
of black folks and a lot of people have stories about how like.
There is this like huge huge push to get black media outlets the CO the song and
I'm just like yeah should be sinister Rolling Stone you know I mean like don't push it to us we don't
need it it's not for as you know so I don't know if I have any thoughts about it
though there it. You know
just my only thoughts. First of all
is NO I'M minutes long. That's
crazy with it and enjoy a listen.
I honestly really don't care about it
I listen to Monk like I wasted my minutes. I just don't care. Oh I run kept asking for
my opinion I was like yeah this is a man who's not in my world in
my I really enjoy but we have a podcast where we don't have
to write on to it. Yeah it's not even in our frame of reference as we respond to it.
Yeah.
But we like you guys acquired through yeah yeah so if it had been like a vetter sound like a
good song about why Perlita sounded good to you Do you think your feelings which
change. I don't. We know what that could sound like a nine
minute good song about
white privilege. I think those are all oxymoron. You're right.
I just hate the nobody in the clip me like looted my jeans. You may be
taken by White Privilege to.
No no no the
second
I just don't care. Yeah own what the show I
still will never get over when he thought he was gay because he could drive cars.
He could draw I mean and then he said that on a
record out loud.
That was crazy.
Those are all my Macklemore thoughts.
I chase me what happened was oh my
God that's a lovely feel what happens. OK So this is the story of our I bust my head
open level with black people say that with me
I was out of Madison Heights it let live. That's really not and then that that they imagine how much
did open the one I merely I mean the evidence in
the story that your grandma warned you about I did bust my head open. OK So
let me set the scene. I'm in third grade.
Oh and they pulled me aside to go into
the teacher's lounge because my mom had been asking about
this gifted kids
program at the time honestly I was like
Mom just just get bored sometimes.
So I was just like I get to go on the
teachers and the girl and I
went I was so excited I was so high you know when you're a kid it's like
even if you see like your teacher at like the grocery store you do it and you know
they have a life.
Yeah it's a school like the teacher's lounge and my mind was like this mythical place where
like things have been I don't know. What was it their own. Oh my
God Tracy we got a job we got it so if I have it.
I am such a noxious kid I
keep rocking back and forth in my chair. I'm distracted understand what
you want to do
and she explicitly said Don't rock back on your chair.
I was rocking back in my chair and I fell I hit the cabinet behind
me but you know when they're mass brightly I'm sure. Yes.
So I just bounce back on my own show and she had this look on her face like oh my
girl I was like you know calm
down and I had I was just like it's just a little bump on my head and I touch my
head at the very top of it and then I put my
hand down and there's blood
on my left eye. Maybe I'm not. Maybe I'm happy
to know
that was the way how was your head like stout Oh my God you know the struggle back in the
day when I didn't know about products on the
field. At that time I was doing a lot of braids box braids. So there
wasn't like any padding between like your head in the knot. Yeah. So
the teachers freaking out I can clearly tell like oh she's done something wrong I don't
really respond like she's
like because I went to a public school
like there's
a solution. So
I might as well you know what we
all think we should
go. But I
realize for awhile after I'm sitting there that there are whole strategy is just wait
till the end of the I'm at my parent's going to come
sooner because they're working immigrant rights All right so I was like I think I think I'm
just going to sit here for hours
and that's what happened. Oh my God. In that
time my childhood crush walked
by so you know I'm a nurse's
office that's what happened when I read
it and you know how every childhood crush has like a crazy name like Chad
patted Chatzky or some you know like some random shit I'm not going to say his name because
I don't want y'all to Google him but it approximates a pad.
Oh whatever I just said a few seconds ago.
I think I'm thinking of a playwright actually.
I'm thinking of a famous playwright. T.V. playwright So Paddy Chayefsky walks
by he's like this like super blonde white guy.
They didn't have many of those and so I went there. Just like so always confused
I am you know I have we doing here.
I don't know with all my having my
head so nonchalant about
it I just felt like so special about it he likes it so the
nurses often as you are and of course the nurses just like in the corner doing not I
was chill and I wasn't you know worried as I should have been. So finally end of the
day happens.
My parents come we go to the hospital my so I asked my sister about the story to just you
know corroborate what I remember right. And she's like yeah the car ride with
so dramatic that everyone told us you can't let her fall
asleep. Oh my God yes. Oh no she's going to heaven in
that time. Like I said doing everything to keep you
entertained. But she's talking like all these stories about you know I have a
heaven
God we make it to the hospital the doctors
like yeah she's pretty bad you need stitches. My sister's
a
troll a troll and she told
me because it was really like straight up down the like me. Middle of my head like
a squid and she was like I can see her
brain like oh my
god so close all contact I had like at that time
just finished like yes outclasses and they had me with the regular kids.
So that's also part of why I was like lowkey skeptical of this gifted program like
listen I just want my way through Yes well quite right I want to be with the
regulator and I was like I was proud of myself for learning English so
quickly and then she's like your brains are leaking
out
and then I also called my mom to corroborate the story. You know what she said what
if she said I don't
remember. Excuse
me she doesn't remember the entire incident. Was like Yo I want
to make sure I got the facts straight about how our family handled this crisis.
Do you remember when I have bust my head open as a
child. If you like that she and I honestly that's what I
threw alarms and I don't remember this one particular moment in
Malmo man. Honestly I was like you know immigrant parents have seen
them use it to
Beaver and you and what happened with my mom
doesn't remember me breaking my whole head breaking.
So
we're
so excited to have a Neil dash in this dude don't know him he's a no G. Internet
dude co-founder of maker based in New York City startup and an activist basically trying
to fix the tech industry
that's me. Welcome back from the Z O don't even treat me.
You know in literally seconds and now i'm already. I had a running joke where we just assumed and you
know lived in the can you know I'm not a great white house L.O.L. I'm not always I literally
have been there head of you can actually go a little I'm sorry but that's so if
you want to
know that well I'm not a handful anyway. And we're just hanging out with Valerie
Jarrett we just do that.
I mean. Well welcome to the show and you'll make yourself a bit more well I
feel like no one really ever knows what you do. Yeah I know I
do die you just do a million things in PAC. Yeah. Can you give people the
short version of all story is right do I just been around
a long time and then I have a start up make a basin that's like what I.M.D.B.
is for people make movies and T.V. we are for people make apps and
stuff and then really what I read it took me a long time to realize it is
I love technology and I loved being in the tech industry when I did that and now
I sort of said well but there's a lot of stuff that's kind of broken and wrong and needs fixing
and I thought well I guess I better do it because nobody else is doing it
and so whether that's being you know writing or working nonprofits are all
different stuff is like whatever it takes to get tech to see what is wrong and what needs to
be fixed that's what I want to be doing.
So that is the what do you do. Why do you do it.
Oh my goodness. Well what it's fun I still I still get out over tech like I still
like so you gotta check out this app Hugo's website and it's still interesting to me that
that's shocking to me because I I was when I was like a nerdy kid so we had you know a computer when I
was five and I started that's when I started coding and start
playing computers and it's still you know interesting me now
I did that for a long time I mean I you so you're like a seven year old coding.
Yeah but that's a that was a thing like if you were lucky enough in the eighty's
to have periods who could like put a computer funny your very kind.
There was actually a ton of resources or you could go. We had bookstores back then you. Go and get
it and it would have been like story type this code into your computer and you
would just do it and then exactly that the implications of that which is like the only people that I met
in tech were people who were
like my parents had hundreds of dollars of disposable income in maybe two to
give somebody a
computer and then I was like oh my gosh that's us where we are those people that
had that level of like privilege
and we built all this stuff for ourselves and what about everybody else.
What Japan's
did. They both worked for the Pennsylvania Department Transportation for thirty years.
My dad built highways and my mom worked in the D.M.V.
and actually I mean both their stories are incredible you know like all
immigrants but like my dad came in the speech the in the sixty's
and helped work on the foundation for Disney World as a civil engineer
and yeah it's crazy and like the the airport Hartsfield Airport and Lana.
When does he get like free. No he didn't you know he was that he was like a junior engineer that just out
of school like he worked on these things and everything
get ticketed Yeah resound they said yes well that's why they're like We
need some good
ass engineers and he's like yeah I'm going to go and then it's like it's one thousand nine hundred fifty four and he goes
to Florida and he's like. They won't let me go into this barber shop like I don't
know and he didn't know if he's a welcome to
America or yeah I know you see master of none. I have they have this. I literally thought
the same thing. Do you feel like you have. Like
the parents at the thought of all about you know. Oh my gosh yeah Henri's
learn about your parents and that's pretty crazy My dad was talking about work is never factory. I never
knew that you know so by your dad's back story.
I mean I know the big
point he was for he was in or around the country. When he
came here. I mean you know I got the gist of
it was not the gist of every immigrant story that was
hard when you care a little more being that he's your dad.
Yeah but again he doesn't talk much. And once on a. Photo of him in the military and he just goes
are giant and then like. Walk into another room pretty
crazy all the first generation kids with these amazing lives because our parents made
these crazy sacrifices and we never thank them like we do nothing
to say. Should we do something like a guest or something I mean
I want to get my dad forgets he doesn't really have any
interest. I mean like drinking water staying hydrated. I could get him a gallon of
water and the
gas is persisting in the water of the month
love it what if we took him out to a nice dinner and learn more about their lives and he
said thank
you yeah. Have your parents are opened up and that you know most likely to visit
I literalistic I'm putting T.V. on you going to watch this movie like we all watched it with them. Yeah.
And they were like We don't want my dad fell asleep and that's
accurate and. My mom was a little because like I actually
forgot there's like the scene where he's in he's at that thing coffee down on Broadway and he was
like he's doing the audition these yelling like
well and I don't actually curse in front of my mother and so he's you know if he's like shopping.
You know obscenities it has long been my mother's sort of like very like oh dear what is
this thing you know. And I was like no stick with the mustard and then they
get into the heart rending you know kill your chicken part but you haven't seen the episode there's a story of
his friend who's saying you know his dad was forced when he's a kid to kill the family chicken
his auntie to for
dinner and like. Like it was a goat but like I know that story and everybody knows
that story real Yeah like that is the real it's like like yeah totally And
so it was so resonant and I mean just so powerful is
like there's an Indian dude on screen. I waited my whole life.
My whole life that one of us could be the star and have
a sex scene and it's not played for a joke and put your parents on
to treat them to respect and they're not played for a joke like just that much. I mean care
about their. It's a bit like you could have been like an eighty minute
show and been done on one episode I would have been like we maybe we maybe
but your mom thing like that was
nice comfy can my grandma mean you're like Asian mom is not
going to give you that much.
So I mean did that episode of watching the episode with your parents did that spy or
any story sharing. This we know because I that's sort of what I do with them every time I'm like
tell me about the old
country. You didn't tell me about being an immigrant and like I
create these narratives where I'm like this very dramatic wall against the backdrop of
immigration Yeah the sixty's how they got off a plane and yeah like themselves and
they're like we went to work paid our bill which in diapers
like there's no you know there
isn't well because immigrants just do it like I'm the one I'm the first generation that
had enough time to sit there and be like a lot if I told a
story you know I don't know I'm not a love
story and over thanksgiving break.
Yeah I don't get anything out of nothing really right. And then just like when I got here and we got to work
like for example my dad was also an engineer and I was like. I know you went to Europe
for college for his master's because at that time it. Yeah interesting programs for
that like what was that like living in a completely different continent and you know
you know we're
dreaming that I was like a little salty about it is that to
you I was like you when I was like you went and you knew that you studied and then you
were working in Seattle and you know any cool happens like well it's one hundred so it's
like what you want and then I'll casually drop something yeah I was it was like you know we
saw Jimi Hendrix as like which things that was
good about what was I talk about and we
did and then all of the next like I was like what kind of life and it's like this larger
than life because like especially the time my folks came here. Like I came and
because Remonde came in seventy or sixty
nine D. couldn't even call home. You know there was no phones like my dad. The village didn't get
a phone until one thousand nine hundred three. Satellite phones one for the whole village and then I
mean like you couldn't write a letter home to his village. So you didn't talk to anybody he'd ever known
his entire life for the first couple of years he lived
here and I'm like if you went to the moon you would have better connected. You'd be like All right.
And it's like so yeah that's true like just even understanding that you can't I can't.
So if you're saying that in masses and then you saw the best representation of you in a
series what it's like the next best representation is
using Oh my god next best. I mean there's like Mindy came and got her show and
that's like it's funny obviously it's exaggerate because it's comedy but
like you know she's like I checked the Robinson in some ways like she got a
show and her name is on the title and she's a producer and like that's big because like
you know we had.
There was a show ahead of the class back in eighty that had a guy named walk along. And it was like
I mean Robin Givens was on as I say Robin Givens and there's like got any guy you like look in the corner and you
know eight seconds Indian Do not break yet right and he wasn't like he wasn't actively getting beaten
up at the time and I say Yeah
like that's my guy and then for like fifteen years the only primetime Indian
is up which is like Hank Azaria and I was like right. If we can get
enough representation to where I can complain about
it I would be so happy like let me get a terrorist up in here let me
just let me get a computer nerd something and write you know and then like because he would put on
like and I guess eventually did get Indian doctors like you have a major
city hospital with no Indian people in
how that family talks break. Not impossible never happened yet the
last fifty years like girls beans and in Brooklyn and no black people yeah or Seinfeld or
whatever right is this like we it's just it's yeah it's science fiction.
Anyway I just kind of gave up that was the most depressing thing was I was like We're not going to have it.
And I had really I didn't realize how thoroughly I had come to that conclusion. And I remember.
When the movie for the namesake came out to Bill Harry's book you know and Kal Penn
was leading it and it got released. I don't know maybe broke even a song I mean you know wasn't hip but he did OK and I
was just like wow this because that book was
like I think a lot of folks and other immigrants or writer were like oh I learn things
about my kids I learn things about my mother that I didn't know before I read that book by
reading her novel like what how
they how they wait for us how how and this is a mom thing in general but I
think particular to immigrants is like their expectations around who we are going to be
and how we're sort of thoughtless in trampling their vision of what they thought their child's going to be because they didn't
really going have an American kid.
Oh you know this just because I'm sorry I'm living it he I mean I have a son right
and so I think about that all the time is how do I
not make
my honest and good intentioned desires for him
to be a burden to him because whoever he is I want to meet and I'm excited about
it in that context to be like oh here's this movie. It came out. We've
arrived this is all we're going to get and that really was my conviction I didn't realize how thoroughly it was I was like at
least that's good. At least it's
good. And then. They did.
Outsourced which was this. I think wins and B.C.B. is a comedy and if my memory is
a call center comedy and it was it was pure Stepin Fetchit I mean it
was bad and kind of a member of the show. I mean they didn't last long but it was definitely couple
years ago
and I was just like look you all met
like we file it like they did a show they put them in the news and in this was a boy yes and it was it
was terrible and
then everything turned around I mean you had Mindy you had and lots of I
mean friend of mine who are going to BOLO was a writer on Kamau Bell show.
And just felt like yeah he started on it was just like any There's in and they're all so good
I mean that's the other thing is like you got to be twice as good but
like Indian are going to pull you in like as easy or so good.
And I was sort of like you and as these first came out to stand up. It wasn't for me
like Indians
like you was it is easy to talk to see
my Indian
impressions and I was just like I guess it's not my
thing and then to see with Master and those like oh there was this much in
there and a great you know he's older and grew up and it's active always and whatever but I think it's
also
like you just take this leap like I'm only getting this shot like there is not going to
be like oh well we'll give you fifteen swings at the bat to do a bunch of field sitcoms like
I think right Jerry Seinfeld making B. movie.
You know and like calling whatever got a PA and talk about me.
It's like an animated movie right. Yeah. I'd even watch it so it's like I didn't watch it I
don't know why I'm talking about how molars obsessed with this movie so
I see it all the time on the Yass board and Jerry Seinfeld is a
be a be transformed into oh right. And I just he was so I don't know if you got it.
Way so he's a B.
movie and it's a movie about it
be. They need
and he just called in favors but not that I
was I was very I want my nose ideas that I was I got committed now that
I'm not willing to use them but we want to hear you explain it that man. Anyway the movie is
about Jerry that Philip and
again somehow something happened and then a human woman falls for her right. I don't
mean do you have raining names on them when they're like that feeling when the
wife leaves you for a
be honest
but it is back to your point like true testament to how much was I let me
see this like how much leeway people have that got
them eating
marijuana and imagine if you walk in and it's Jerry Seinfeld he's
like fellows. First of all the greatest are in the history of T.V. Second of
all I'm a. Movie and I'm going to be a be every That's rather like what he's a funny guy
he's got to be kidding because that is a job that's not even a funny joke is just a
bad joke and then millions
of dollars poorer in just from ever ever just like me writing a check out of my pocket to
make your B. movie because you journos and nobody at any point is like you know what
this might be bad. This might be the worst. My point is all the B.
movie money should have gone to Indian people.
Well NOT percent reparations hired a great Yazidi of reparations just
as he people the percent.
So we're kind of stuck or like to put in a tough
spot when you're like very happy obviously to see yourself represented on
T.V. and especially no good way
but you also often feel like you can't really criticize or like at least not in mixed company.
You know I mean yes. For example the fact that a master of none of these on Cyrus character
dev only dates this this white woman white women
specifically have such a monopoly on the romantic comedy genre. You know it
gets frustrating and honestly just like surreal boring.
Yeah see like that same dynamic again they're not the only women and
I'll probably be OK not only like fun funny quirky. Yeah. We're
you know I'm not the ones who get up who are not omitted the right.
Well I'm not saying as these half the cast of like an Indian girl right is literally
so many women who has any but always dating.
Yeah yeah well that's interesting because I think he was thoughtful enough to say they're
like there's a lead character that is a black woman that is a full person that's all I want to show but not a romantic
lead and I think there's still a huge amount to save because one of the big and I think about this
a lot.
One of the big challenges for the South Asian community and us in general is how
we play with white privilege right because we are like as long as we keep our heads down we don't talk
about it we get into a certain degree we can get into tech and we're not going to.
Like promoted but we can get
it that's actually something I want to ask you about because so you work a lot around
like diversity and yak. But you've talked about also
how Indians are over indexed in tech Yeah totally so. And just kind of closing loop on
the master and on pieces like this one of the things that like Indian dues will signal is like you know what we can
get white women.
And why the most part now there have been exceptions but in the you sipping her drink
yeah it's literally Kermit was the same
but and for the most part like their dads will not like Bristol when
the girl brings home for the most part I've had some exceptions but mostly not.
And so like there's some part of that which is like you write this like aspirational
You know here's the flaw subversion to me on T.V. and I got a white girl like I think that's part of it and then
in tech.
So I was like at like Index who is in tech
companies Google and Facebook and
Yahoo versus like let's say population California control and California where it
was interesting is the proportion of employees that are white proportion of California that are white
is actually about even. But of course like proportion of like
tech employees at those major companies who are black is like one percent right. Latinos like less
than two
percent like round there and the entire gap in between is made up of Asian
mostly Asian men. Right so we over index in a way that that
if hiring were equitable pushes out. Really just black
and Latino Native folks right like that sort of it. So we're complicit in this
like anti-black structure and don't ever talk about it there's no talk because like
the C.E.O. of Google is indeed the C.E.O. of Microsoft is indeed C.E.O. of
Adobe is India like you go down the
list and like we're able to now we're not promoted into management in an explorer way but
like there is a possibility for advancement I mean outside Xerox like
there's no black women in these rooms that you're
right until like the sixty's and seventy's. When they give me Gratian change and you come
here. There hasn't been any sense of like common cause between issues
that that Indian a South Asian folks face us and what black folks
face and it's like we're here because black people got us the right to be here.
I mean that's who like to change the civil rights movement so that
like indeed could exist in society
here South Asian community doesn't talk about it. And there's like it's
just they're terrified of it and they're fraid of love and I think part of it is sort of
like our position so precarious. We don't even have a T.V. show.
So if we speak up what happens to
us because our history so short. My dad is about as long as you can
be in this country he's been here fifty years now and so people were like they
could just send us all back. That's happened before you know like in the in the
one thousand nine hundred two and they were making these laws like the Chinese lose all this stuff
like they just lynched entire towns of Indians or the like now there's no Indians here anymore like and in
the northwest and so it was like it was a different thing and I mean obvious doesn't compare the black
experience in terms of like the ability to actually move an entire community
thing. I kind of want to
connect this to a different question we were thinking about in terms of even though you are yourself
not Muslim that
doesn't matter what you want to do you say Yeah well first
of all you travel a lot so I imagine you interact with T.S.A. a lot.
Yeah I actually got global entry which is like pre-check It's like wigs card where you're
like yeah yeah whatever the opposite of a black card
is they're like.
And you go and you give your fingerprints in their retina scan or whatever
and and they're like now we probably won't hassle you as much at the airport.
So did that work. It has worked sometimes. And then
like we were we were clear can it because you know can is like hop into terrorism
and and like my wife I got split up in going to security and I got detained because I always
do. And and she can pass for white and so like
she didn't just didn't see me because I just separated and she said where you go as a I went to the
room you know like like you know how I am like. And then whatever in
their other racial profiling Yeah you don't. Oh you recently wrote
something for me and I'm the most magnanimous motherfucker you
know which is a little bit about this you know traveling all
around yeah yeah I mean I actually don't have that back because I know how to signal right like as I can be like I'm going
to put on a tie or I would be Yeah exactly and I'm going to look at my i Phone and
sighing heavily you know like
this guy business guy. You know they're like oh yeah he Johnson give me
the numbers but that happens when I get
pulled out there was no that hopelessness and I think I mean I think every kid in
this town has been stop and frisk knows
is the hopelessness of there is nothing I can do there is no I there is
no form of respectability I can perform right now that is going to give me a pass because I can literally
be like look at my i Phone. There's a picture of me with the president. Yeah. And they'll be like
we still got a check and I be like do you think your like Rent a Cop
ass knows better than I do down there
really
like Dell but I got to do it and I don't like it's a shitty job and I'm
not you know I can't be mad at the person who's actually doing the job but how do you get there to
that position. It's like I don't even That's the things I don't even know how to fix in the
moment I can't do anything because I'm like I'm not going to miss my
flight and legitimately want to know what happened in the room and never
know it so they take away your phone. They depend so
like a couple times it's just been asking questions with their like they won't they won't put
hands on me or whatever and they'll just be
like you know they do take away your phone sort of no matter what others be like where you go and
who you are you know they're sort of like pretty deep questions and then it's usually like ten fifteen
minutes you're free to go in the that's not like we don't want you to miss your flight
version. I remember one time I was at L.A.X. I was at a conference. And there was a
woman who I'd met at the Commerce and I really know. But like just nodding acquaintance and I had a bunch of the
conference right with me as metal
detector and she made a joke joke that his saying she was like oh he's not a
terrorist he's
OK and I was like I was like I had my. I had such side I could see out
my
ear
and I was just like do you know you just nothing happen to her she's like to do. Let
me go get a
latte and I was like here it go. Here we
go and and it was you know like they didn't make me strip they were like
I had a like a like a sweater or like take off your shirt and whatever and you know this is
before they did the waist band stuff so they're just like well they aggressively but they feel like if you get
a secondary screening now they'll put like two fingers inside your waistband
and feel around whatever this is before that so like they were just like kind of aggressively patting me down and I
was like Do I have to tip
but thank God I'm not there
yet
and all that and it was I mean it actually it was you know it's humiliating.
It's just it's just it's humiliating and every time you've ever
seen you know young black boy who gets stopped and
frisked and you see him walk away and he's like he's clean or you can go and you see a look at his
face or he's just burning. And it wasn't that because I don't like I'm a man and
I have a certain amount of power and I have some regrets and whatever but
like you feel that little bit of that little side and you just I will think about like you
say when kids are embarrassed they cry because they're so mad. Yeah and I just I was right there and
I mean I was in L.A. and I was like. I'm not missing
my I'm not missing my flight because that was actually the only thing that
kept it together because you can't
do anything right no argument you can make you know credential you can
provide there is nothing you can say that makes you a person.
Fit a little bit even though it's not really at all are you so. Prize that Donald Trump has made it this far no.
I mean you America. Listen I feel like the
like wave of anti Muslim sentiment didn't come out of nowhere right. Carefully
brewing where yellow lab post
nine every time I go to a train station or an airport right there like keep an eye out for suspicious packages right.
And I likewise see one with a
confederate flag on it on my head I mean I can't be like your
airline
we should get this guy off the plane. I don't happen and I mean I grew up.
And sort of rural suburban Pennsylvania and it was very red county.
I have an older sister and she was I think the first person of color in our school district.
Yeah and then yeah yeah it was like school district yesterday and then like all
the schools Yeah exactly. Oh make sure you know doesn't mean something different Yeah
I
think there may have been other kids before but I think they probably moved out and so and we were and
I mean we were in junior high when the first black family moved
in and they got across burned on the yard and this was in the
eighty's like this isn't exactly you know. Yeah. So this is
like who I am so I'm always like OK this is like after Michael Jackson
back came out so
must've been eighty seven like that's my and like your time frames are in terms of
Michael Jackson now well you know they're by Prince albums.
So you can you can call it sign of the times in love sexy or you can call it bad but it's eighty seven eighty
eight around that time and of course like you know we're terrified to like
you know I know what side a paper bag I'm on and I know
whose daughters I'm going home.
Sorry.
I got on do you think I'm right my son.
Well because you had to know you had to know right you had to know how the press are going to act and
that just stayed with me was like this sense of like you know I don't belong here and I remembered
I remember coming to New York City as a teenager and then eventually when I moved here when I was like twenty one
and I was like.
Oh well back to do you need me in the hall.
Yeah I think this is
almost food. So I would describe you as
you pretty
well. Pretty well I hope I'm trying. Yeah. Like I said I've got a child.
Speaking of this child of yours. When are you going to teach him about
race and women in three minutes I'm only because I feel like every man who was not
horrible has a duty whence he has a child is allegedly a
son to make sure that he got the author of the not horrible rash.
Yes I was using good here LOL I thought yeah yeah. What's your blueprint.
I want to know what I mean I was born to be trash right like Indian Indian men
are not
raised to like love and respect women like I was the first person in history. My family go on a Date Lab my
parents had arranged marriage and everybody back for twenty generations did so like there wasn't some
template and my sister. I mean she's the reason that I even moderately redeemed as a
human issues like you know anthropologist and a feminist and like just taught me about the world.
But you know I also in my twenties thought I was the good guy
and was probably reprehensible. You
know is there anything in particular you look back on where you're like well. Just that I was
so
full of myself like that like Maxwell mansplaining guy.
And I'm cool Well you know when it's not really blaming I'm
covered all men are equal it matter anyway and love really is a matter of
just directed at men outlets like kind of feeling. Good. Yeah I mean you clearly think a
lot about. Yeah
and you're very smart about it like wow how do you teach your son about.
Well I think actually to that to the feminism point of my son. What I realized was what I was going up as I could
tell him everything and I know what to say because I had to work at
media and I'm like literate and whatever but I didn't do the dishes half the time.
You know my wife pointed it out and I was like this is true. I'm not doing the dishes have time and I'm not don't have
to cooking.
You know she's. Founder She's an entrepreneur she's an ass kicker like she's got a
life like that's all the education he needs about this is what a woman should be like I don't ever worry about that part
I think not is like excuse but his explanation I was like oh but like being raised
as Indian man they're not like you're going to wash dishes like that does not come up. I'm still working on
it like it's still a lot of introspection but I talked to my son about it like what do we do after we you
know make dinner we clean up.
I think that's actually and it's I mean it sounds so like low bar but
like he already sees from you know my wife like his mom is like
an entrepreneur and an ass kicker and you know creative force
and that part is actually the thing that I
think about is like how can I be two percent less reprehensible
every day and that's a beautiful goal. Thank you for
men
we could do this forever. Well I think it is time to move on a pew pew
pew pew pew pew don't know if you've heard the show before but this is our rapid fire questions
that I'm the biggest fan so yes I had. Really I was trying to get you say that you were a big I
my God if you even told me a question number a.
How do you feel about girls. I thought about this so much.
On principle I object to rodents across the board on principle on principle
and squirrels are rats with fuzzy tails. That's just
fact that being said they behave in ways that are not as horrible
as most other rodents. So they're sort of the most except a bull of
the vermin that you would have little run your
home. You know what that's a fair answer I will say But why do you have to accept him
even you don't have to do so I'm trying to be like an apologist to me I'm trying to I'm
trying to detach myself from worldly concerns so that's what I have and I
have come back to. What is your favorite type
of mango. Oh my God you know where mango and yeah.
So I proposed to my wife by giving her a
mango because scuse me always Yeah because mangoes are serious business. This is true
the US didn't
allow importing Indian mangoes for like fifty years and then there was a trade like nuclear
secrets
it's all my fault and I'm a you know I'm a man goes and I won't likely it is not worth
it and I never said anything credible.
My mom's favorite mangoes Alphonso So that's definitely up there for me case our mangoes
are great that's for sure the pub the thing that matters is to get the variety them because like what we
have is mangoes are basically all like the Red Delicious Moshi Apple
like and so to have like real mangoes. Yes So that guy was
one up one's mango go to
Queen's go to like Patel those get a case of mangoes spikes save up because it's going to
be like thirty dollars for Jason Angus and they come in a season like March or
so and I literally like the year that they came out I was
like I don't like I would spend my last penny on this like they're so good
so it matters like where they're from and how fresh they are and they're not getting that same red
yellow mango you see it like the giant supermarket.
I have not been living you know you know for me the
mangosteen mango party.
I do not believe in love I think it's a laugh. I'll have to
go Oh my now it's a it's a farce just settle me for me but tell us like
I want to I like the story of how you proposed with the mango.
Oh we were walking up Second Avenue was a Fourth of July in two thousand and
four we had like snuck up on a rooftop to see the fireworks.
It was like half obstructed
view because I don't always have a clue what it was I don't plan to head
it and we went to the south and we had some dinner and I
was like yeah but I think. Going to have to marry this girl so
did you have the mangling
your pano like the word. So we walked into a bodega and
I had just walked in and I was like. I mean about this
mango that was literally like
it was just like this is well and what happened was that what happened.
I use I used to live real close to by there and the first night I lived in New York City.
I was
like terrified and scared I know anybody who has broken in have a
job can sleep and I got up at three in the morning and I had been to that same
Bodega at three in the morning they were unloading mangoes and they weren't good ones but they were
OK and my hometown we hadn't had mangoes my mom was so excited wasn't
your Highness' started importing man. Oh my God we were
so it was so yeah so foreign and I just thought I can get up any time in this
place and have a mango like right off the truck I was just I am
where I belong.
And that thought of like this is where I belong and I'm going to be OK and like a mango from that bodega I was
it and I was like This is what I want
to give my comment
right thing so gross.
I don't know how to try to prove that I never said that out loud before that's kind of embarrassing but
on every elbow. Well here. Let's
transition very crudely what is the do you think you've ever
heard venture
capitalist say oh my god there I saw my halls and jobs. Oh gosh there's just
so much.
Where do you even start. Or maybe like categories
of yeah
yeah there's a thing. There's actually a thing where you go into meeting and this is like whether to be Caesar just
like the sort of tech leaders in general like these important is where they seem OK. And they're
like thoughtful No if you want to hear about these markets we want to do this stuff and we have to be you
know user
centric and then the. Only woman the offices the admin
and she'll come in and you'll see the guy maybe grunt but maybe
not even use a word to indicate that he wants like coffee or snack or
whatever Lotrel snapping her fingers no little stopping
of fingers and you're just like oh shit you had me because the thing for me is like
I can be the only like I can be in a room full of all guys. And and they don't
know that I'm like the betrayer
the patriarch and
you sneak in you feel like a man like you know they're gonna catch me and and so
they don't know and feel like they're mostly being decent because people are decent most of
the
time. And then it slips for a second and you're like you see by their asking all my God this
guy he's doesn't even see this woman is human. So that's the
thing it's not even a word it's just that look and like oh you just you just show me the whole game.
I'm Sam God to him and
now lets Pepcid Yes I'll happily go out for you have
a Would you rather for you oh
no no no no no this is the goal
and possibly the best one yet. Wow. Would you rather
have glow in the dark body hair or only be permitted to
use our cream and onion scented
deodorant. I haven't had time to get the right
well body hair.
Sour cream and onion scented deodorant so. This actually
is like more a question of how I feel about my wife that it is actually for me because like me I'm just like I
just got a face it like it's just that I don't have to deal with
it but what does my wife have to put up with yeah you're right I
still love
that South Asian people in general are not lacking in body hair.
So I think I probably would choose the sour cream ending because like I
actually think people just get used to it after a while like there's that thing where you. You're with somebody
or whatever it is
like. There's a lot you just like what you going to
do my wife and I met he say Well no I
would definitely go for glow in the dark body aren't I think would be fun. Good to know but.
You know I yeah I think that's a grim choice really. But you know how you go
like skating rings like when you were and they had the Black Lightning but I'm a human
a Mr Quinn So kudos to you same thing only of the tan hair glow
in the dark that's tonight. No no one me party
boy. All right so we're going to take a
little pause here a little bit more from the comeback.
I'm going to you know you ready.
You know it's great fun. Oh
this is
easy live pay summed
up support for another
round come from square space the squares precisely professionally designed. Regardless of the skill
level they take the guesswork out of the complicated stuff which
brings us to a little thing we like to call the cold name
of drinking yang the Listen Paul I will present
fair heaven with a terrifying exhume ill cold and she has to guess what it
means and if she loses she drinks this week's piece of
terrifying A.C.L. code is basic. B A
S I see in all capital letters I'm listening.
Is it a an acronym that stands for beginners all
purpose symbolic instruction code be an acronym is stands
for business auxilary
think Cash see a cold that converts. A steel mill cold to plain
text or D.M.'s a cold that calls all
the basic bitches and informs them that there's a new announcement which is
an airbase in. My God I
still wish there was a lot of magic and there's a little pop up on
your website you're a little child.
I
want to say it's the third one the one that translates. Things
into the new magick into playing to.
Yes Oh I was so wrong. My dear and
higher late great stories are not a rule. Oh what's the
matter. It's a an acronym that stands for beginners all purpose
symbolic instruction I would never have done that who live people who
now start your free trial today as
squarespace dot com The site is intuitive in the truth or easy to
use its own easy to use and there's no coding required. And if you sign up for a
year you get a completely free domain
and that is where the main four year old when you sign up make cities Africa.
Another round to get ten percent off
your purchase which they
used
before you leave us a meal. We have crafted a little game for you. Thanks
that we honestly need your help on. Think of this
like Shark Tank. Oh shit more like my guppy
tank that I first like light in the sea that's the name of the segment.
Got me thinking.
OK We know you know a lot about her like world about products we're all the better off.
So we're going to pitch you a few things we're going to ask you a step to the other side of the pitch
meeting and guess whether the product or app or whatever is real or came
from our
minds. All right. The product is called.
The product is called You see
a which stands for United condiment of America.
You know economists from I guess
is. In Chile one big condiment bottle stores several
different
condiments wait now. So I got a bottle of Scotch Mayo catch up yesterday
all right you know honey mustard. You know they inherit that had like
four different. Yes that was caught at one time it.
Is not real not real or did one of those I
don't I don't think it is real but I wish it
was right. Yeah like I would I would definitely like definitely
that that's. Like I would
definitely have Q.C. regret ordering
that.
Sure yeah great idea good idea. Yes if I had money I would write you
a check for that we can in this day me right now. I mean.
So this next idea. Is a
combination fan and Roomba so people this people.
One thing most annoying about fans is like you know maybe move from side to side or maybe if you get a lot
of motion they're doing up and down and in general it's stationary and
the situation. You can circulate some air but it's not enough. So
a room I will be going around. That's in addition to the fan.
That is called the fruit
but
now I'm real because it's not a good idea.
It's a bad I don't want you guys aren't downtown and
my guess is that you know that well my God it's a good idea but you know it's
really good. You know I would rather have a room with
a bottle of condiments all comments on top of it that
just brought you know so when you let the Bobby Q. Bakley commented on I know
you because the hot sauce right now you don't want to ask Leroy to
pass it there because you know he's going
use it for you like much you can get in like what you consider what devices can go I
don't know anyway. Mr DAY Yes. Is this an actual. Idea that someone had
and expected to get money for sure is this just in that year that we think it's
cool little eats eats with Izzy he sounds like
a terrible rapper. Yeah it is. Yeah
that's yeah that's a good like Louisiana rappers. I know younger on a missile.
So the basic idea is you have little treats for you and
your pet so matching snacks.
So the same treat that your dog eats you can also eat it so the idea is if your dog is
eating off your plate.
You won't die having a good bottle that it won't. And I say AL
GREEN OK so when it is about them that takes it one
of those big and strips for the one why did you why.
Green has
certain Reg Why and
how I don't know I had one of my hand I was like you know what it smells like bacon. That's
not does it
really take the decision making process there was you know I'd gone on that
anyway I
think. A low base is I think clearly. I mean.
I don't know why folks do let their dogs eat off their plates right. Like something.
Yeah but you can't always like eat the same food for like the dog is not supposed to
eat what is your verdict and you know the I'm certain
that product exists because people will buy any damn thing
for their thinking it exists.
The next thing is a social media network where
people
finally can suddenly let you know that your
ash. That's
necessary
good. Poke on Facebook Yeah I like it when the new you don't want to put them on blast.
You just want to be like. Brah. That's Look I want to talk about it right. I want more
social media right now everyone in the hat. That's love
because if you if you publicly say they're actually that's a whole different. We only got Twitter for that. Yeah right.
Right that's not. Like that's fashion police.
Yeah that's no you need that's necessary you need to be able to I
don't think that exists but I think it
should homey Silicon Valley because well that was a great idea I had.
Yeah same day I did I don't think euro billion dollar.
You know if there are more black people talk about the right to be concerned about a Indians get
actually two letters that are that is the truth about you right thank you for entertaining this
it will say to you both he was well I'm excited
to pitch even more along with.
And the way
message but for life when chill wipers for your glasses. That's not your best
work. Are you kidding me. They don't know they're like a funny compliment to
Gadhafi daughter but also all
real burger babies were for babies. You're just on your phone and you're like I want
to baby but only for a little it's a branding challenge it
or never thought it was the last one
an app that
lets you find the nearest person to you with a dot
on you know your block and Middle America to get
safe to meet your folks. Yes it will be called that chic me you me.
We need a new version like the sari finder. Yes I
know this is a great idea. Well. Well talk was alright thanks for the support.
It is very very
inspiring. Thank you so much for topping it up with awesome young working
people find a work in the old ash dot com is where most of my stuff on the
list and if you make apps and such a comic relief that was
cool. And you often do the Twitter. I am going to. You know that I'm always surprised people
can do anything I feel like you do that well a lot
of them. I'm trying to jab. We appreciate you sir thank
you
Tracy when it's time for
ran well my gosh I was
right about my rounds today who by around four
am buying around for each and every person who takes a medicine for some
sort of oh my
God God's loving me. So today
is my very first day on a new medicine for my eighty. If Family Guy band of that I
finally went to the doctor for I'm very proud of myself but you know what I discovered is that I
feel like even as comfortable as I am with like being in open and talking about life taking a pill for
my nightie there's still some it like the shameful stigma the way. Real highs around you
know this is not a medicine that you just take when you have like
a big paper to write or something so that you can focus in the moment and take it like every day.
Yeah in-cell Like I said and I was like man I'm taking two different like medicines to get my
brains together.
And I felt like bad thing and I was like you know I don't want this to be like I
just got settled with like taken
one pill and yeah I've now got to do it all over again with two. Listen I joined the club a few weeks
ago I was working alone. It
will be something the company the first visit that you take you back to get a new medicine it's going to
be followed up with several more B.S. like the medicine management thing like getting the
dosage right yet to come up here how bad a song was going on is a lot and we
jump through.
Yeah we jump through so many hoops just to like get that together and feel
better you know the mind is about around because I mean that's my
God it's a lot it's so much in the best part though is like once you finally DO found
like the right combination or whatever the right dosage. You know life becomes so much easier because you
are hurdles you have to. Up then the the line of thinking becomes how did I do this.
Oh my God myself. Well.
Actually you know it shout to people who may be dealing with a suffering from
anxiety depression or whatever who could probably benefit from medicines. But who
aren't on them right now
like this it is hard with medicine I know. So without
it man. Listen in this isn't me like Tell me about running a minute and I'm saying
is I appreciate I get it understand the struggle. Hang in
there have a round on
me I never feel more like just a just a dumb
mammal when I'm trying out new meds like if you just put different chemicals in
me although I get entirely different personality and that's kind of scary when you think I don't know.
When everything on the line to be happy all that was said in
the press. Well
be around it's minor.
So you went in for what do you been around for I would like to buy around four fake eyelashes.
Yes they had south on so
I always just never thought about them because that seem like so much
work I can't even paint my nails into dexterity for
working eyelashes. You can have like glued me or the little
hole I make I just see. Yeah yeah exactly. I always assumed it was not for me
and then one day a humble brag a little bit old fashioned to
inflict
black and she put fake eyelashes on me and I felt like a different person I felt like my philosophy is
good mom is if you have a name. Your thoughts are fair. Oh what is my interest.
Probably like
that
nothing crazy. So much more fabulous version of right. Anyways.
Real talk. I think I understand from izing that because of the lashes.
There's something so much like
I love making. So much. I was never at this point like even a few years ago.
I never thought I would be the kind of person who was make it just so much fun is a lot if
I think a lot about
what Audie Cornish said in our interview with her about. Like the armor you wear.
Yeah when you're facing the world yeah that is what my bright red
lipstick is that is what my fake eyelashes are there's something about being like super
super fam. Yeah where you're like actually batting your
eyelashes and it's always so dramatic it's so dramatic
but you know I love me some drama. I know Greg I
mean here's my thing they're hard to play OK OK
so all I am with you I am with you a thousand percent. This is why I don't even do my
own while the makeup artist
is doing it I like this is incredible but this is obviously not a look I can recreate in my
casual
life. I tried it again and I had a pair of fake
eyelashes had a pair of the back.
I had fake eyelashes that I just kept saving for a special occasion.
One of my New Year's resolutions was to stop saving things for a special occasion and that is
because resolutions all rule of being alive is a special occasion. Oh yeah I was like fuck it
I'll put him on just to go on we go and it was
a dexterity struggle but if you're patient and
honestly I really like how patient makeup makes me like how much time and
preparation and like just you can honestly like meditate while you're putting on your
makeup this year so I can carefully not. Well
but carefully put on these lashes and I look great the glue is a serious situation.
I don't get crazy. Listen I
could tell you how many times I have superluminal own thing.
Not that I'm but I keep am trying to work with my eyes shut my partner. Because I was going to
happen and I know it
is round for Super from super luxury is like Fern over you
them thing. Do you remember. He remembered
we did the photo shoot. And we had eyelashes and the next day we were
like this believe in well you know
it was just the big I didn't feel like you know I didn't
think that's exactly how
I was like OK I don't have the same thing for special occasions. But you know
they can't be back here like you can just look so great wealth
even for one or
the you know I don't know why
he was there like a door in the with these big fat
but there's so much fun day I highly recommend that
guys have fun with makeup long shots of the armor we all
learn.
Tracy we did a guy I don't know that was so fun and heal
itself Mark my hand
oh thank cannot wait to meet his Stevie Wonder singing child. OK
shower to kneel down. Shout out to Neil dashes child who will soon be our podcast baby I can
say as always you got to give a big shout out to the pod squad.
Oh oh.
This pod cast is produced by Eleanor Kagan editorial oversight from Gen Ys Berman
and production help from Julia phone and Meg Kramer.
Thank you
to power with and I got to
you leave Miss you so much. Thank you to
our in-house musicians Ms Jean Grey you can follow her on Twitter at Jean Grae and
to die will of the Almighty Morrigan you can follow him on Twitter at the
into the streets as they and the DA will decide to get notice at a
local Brooklyn function because of our show so
you will research saying this is the that's not me in the street handsome C.E.O. OH MY
GOD THANK YOU to optimise
prime shots of a Trace
see that big Well we always try to get into my
heart seeing a bounce and they
don't forget get
contests and it's all. Yes. That is huge if you can enter the contest at Studio three sixty
dot org And I have all the information there. We are the judges so come correct.
Bring your A game make you laugh debt own plan or you know what I mean I won't happen if we
won't have a Jones waiting but will appreciate the
effort for you hit us on the
bird on Twitter and Facebook got another round you can e-mail
us at another round at Buzz Feed dot com And if you like the show write us i
Tunes tell a friend tell your mom tell the ghost of
Paddy Chayefsky's if only he could see if you
know if
only you Mom I really don't know why his name was stuck in my head
I don't even know that is why you know that he and I you know on T.V.
or just
know stuff but this one specifically he
is the man
that gave us the phrase. I'm not as hell and I'm not going to take it.
I'm not a dude from the movie Network. Don't forget to take your
meds drinks and
wider flaw was his good
luck it is very important indulge your
Campbell game. Yes like the floods of war yesterday and all you know it as you
do girl take take us thirty dollars go to like
a T.J. Maxx or Marshall from the home get section and get one of those
like abnormally
South blanket to listen
is important get the king sad one in all my God speak in
his cell softy. You have to never lie so tightly that you
can really feel just cut off from the rest of the world and online God being in the this is the best advice I've ever
heard yet yourself don't want to blow my winter get you down fight the good fight.
I don't know I really love you
back.
Another thing my sister trolled me into doing. We had to share a room we have beds bunk beds.
Somehow she told me into owning the territory that included the door when
we split our
room so I had to jump from my
section and for some reason I just
went along with it. Yes this is
and that I'm in you know in retrospect I was I'm honestly pretty
impressed. That is your to convince herself that she has
a certain height to exit her bedroom that you share with her
just because
you want to monopoly on the door. You know vote for her carried out at the
sister's.